Hmm
Reminder
Asobo
Well you can make a horsehead
Rival Don Akono before capital punishment
And in the usual way a
before this
It's the direction I've advanced, I'm going for a little while I'm doing it, I'm really feeling it's really serious
The
Before I did my best
That's Ma Zico island if either Truly network very was was dangerous yesterday night Tierney affordable
Well do
Well then, I said a little more than six minutes from the end I wondered a little
Pop
I'm supposed to look at the microphone now
I wonder if I'll be trick in the key picture since Well me good luck is so ne 8 car-kun
I think
So is Imazu Redstone tnt Day
you know
Do you drink after transparent caution
I 'll do my best, though I did my best
is pitiful
The fact that if the values taken by the fun
nk the curtain
Once you have Ogura
It is drinking potion
Then turn on the microphone
Hello Ashizaki, I have not come back once more
I got a thing you want to you
Dia now
I Ne Ja did my best Olympic belt Well
Here Dokoe'
Well Well Well wait wait wait wait
Really
Ah
You were about to make two hours good to become Yusa care in chopper
Hmm
Standing bought is said
2nd place
Where do u mazu meet when shop first floor wisdom
Wow
Here we went
look at this
cure no or do I'll mode minute
Oh dear
This time by saying yes I have planted blast Butti
Yes impressions you give me absolute also width swagger absolute reconstruction 1 game also hate Morne
Let me be mom
I Thank you for viewing by say Restaurant also do I Yukkuru
Nishi-ward
8 He is
I have a surprise for you
In the E'a chopsticks overflowing Nde set aside properly not I have
Hmm
Thank you'll because Ah because suffering serious in your wait or good was already there your taste
Will there eh also
I like Kucker even if I stop
When What about the two-stage two-stage
There is still no pr
Ah
If you are happy Thank you for viewing until the total is Well then ne Oman Thai
Subscribe Thank you
Is the personal computer the channel registration button at the bottom of the screen ?
Please click the icon in the middle of the screen If you have a smartphone, the screen has a registration button
Please tap
Please
Then let's meet again